hello everyone welcome to lethal
crisis' today I come to talk to you as you see
here from the tail rather than talking
do an experiment but let's
introduce a little of the subject
supposedly the cocacola as we
try to make believe with your advertising is
a soda that gives joy to life is
as a friend already in our life more than
the whole house of the closeness that we have
in this soda that is so much taken
although it should not be the truth because
is very good
and there's a lot of talk about it in
around which good before I used to
clean the blood of accidents
car right now is used to clean
or to remove rust oxidation
screws and is supposedly composed
only water giant scents
sugar
and little more and good
Well, there was also a lot of clear talk about the
secret formula of the valves that
nobody knows it in theory but we
what are we going to do is going to be a bottle
of two liters of alcohol we're going to
put in a pot and we're going to
heat until it evaporates what is
all the water and all the gas that goes and
let's see what's left in the background in
quality if it's sugar
obviously it will not be white that the
had black color of the tail but
let's see what's left in the background of
the pot so let's go there
well then we are here with a
200 people bottle with what
first thing we'll have to do is going to be
pour it into the pot
to warm it does not need to
very strong fire so let's go there
Well, what we have here are
two liters of coca cola that to my liking
it does not look very appetizing in these
moments the truth so we 've already
put to heat here we have
so let's wait a few minutes or
a few hours I do not know how long it will take for
evaporate everything and you will see the quantities
of sugar left in the background you see
that is already bubbling
in a while in a few hours we return good
Well having passed approximately
about three hours fixed with what we
we have found that I do not know very well how
call us the truth I imagine that in your
most part as I said before would be
composed of sugar but I'm also not
very sure it 's a very strange mass
similar to oil
It costs to move
well as oil as I say and good
look
How is a soda that
supposedly it is water as is
cocacola good flavorings more etcetera
but after all, it's supposed to be
water look at what we find when
We evaporate what is really water
look every time we take two liters of
coca cola fixes
what we take
now I'm going to put some more shots
so you can see what it really is
when you see Coca-Cola but you'll have
simoncito to the desire to continue drinking
jackson this at least
Well evidently although I have already done
before this was sugar I can not say
very well of what is done I think that the
viscosity is achieved by sugar
that contains the water with which you can see
which is a lot but apart from that no
I can not even imagine how much
components that the cocacola will carry
will take this dough that stays here
when what is water has evaporated
so I really can not say very
well what is this mass composed of
although according to I could not discover it by
some method that I can not reach
would interest the truth that good if
you know something more about this dough you can
comment
well we have here a shot of this
same mass which slips from
you see that now it is directly
like oil
and good to finish the video here you can
see how I've solidified here a little bit of
that comment from under which I do not know very
well what is it but not knowing what I want
go back to drink that drink sometime
you see that it is a bit strange
and this is an extreme good about
alcohol has been the effort on the
silver paper is that good to give already has
a color like that looked like the tail
as I say very lightning
and I will also say a data when
knew or warmed the big tail in the
kitchen my kitchen furniture are from
wood and wood as you already know is
covered with varnish to protect it then
the vapors of the lime with which
evaporated have made a very function
corrosive on my furniture rather
about the varnish of my furniture and have
disintegrated the whole band in all the
neighborhood and for when I wanted to realize
the furniture of my kitchen the wood of my
kitchen was full as a kind
of half melted balls that
creator slipped the varnish that had
been corroded by these vapors that almost
it could be called cocacola toxic
so I do not expect you to understand a
little of what is this drink then
call it like that
and nothing
I hope you liked it and until another
goodbye